Update understanding gui tutorial (#570)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/understanding_gui/step_02/step_02.md

> You can download the code for
<a href="./../src/step_02.py" download>Step 2</a> 
or all the steps <a href="./../src/src.zip" download>here</a>. 

!!! warning "For Notebooks"

    The "Getting Started" Notebook is available [here](../../../../getting_started/getting-started-gui/getting_started.ipynb). In Taipy GUI, the process to execute a Jupyter Notebook is different from executing a Python Script.

# Step 2: Visual elements

Many visual elements can be added to the basic code viewed in Step 1. This Step shows how to use visual elements 

> like charts, sliders, tables, etc., inside the graphical interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can incorporate various visual elements into the basic code demonstrated in Step 1. 
In this step, we will illustrate how to utilize visual elements such as charts, sliders, tables, and more within the graphical interface.
```

## Visual elements

Taipy GUI can be considered as an **augmented** Markdown; it adds the concept of 
**[Visual elements](../../../../manuals/gui/viselements/index.md)** on top of all the Markdown syntax. A visual 
element is a Taipy graphical object displayed on the client. It can be a 
[slider](../../../../manuals/gui/viselements/slider.md_template), a 
[chart](../../../../manuals/gui/viselements/chart.md_template), a 
[table](../../../../manuals/gui/viselements/table.md_template), an 
[input](../../../../manuals/gui/viselements/input.md_template), a 
[menu](../../../../manuals/gui/viselements/menu.md_template), etc. Check the list 
[here]( ../../../../manuals/gui/viselements/controls.md_template).

Every visual element follows a similar syntax:

`<|{variable}|visual_element_name|param_1=param_1|param_2=param_2| ... |>`.

For example, a [slider](../../../../manuals/gui/viselements/slider.md_template) is written this way :

`<|{variable}|slider|min=min_value|max=max_value|>`.

For each visual element you wish to add to your web page, you must include the above-mentioned syntax inside your markdown 

> string (representing your page). Example: at the beginning of the page, let's display:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To include each visual element you want in your web page, you should incorporate the syntax 
mentioned above within your markdown string, which represents your page. 
For example, at the beginning of the page, if you want to display:
```
